Right. Hal, tell me whether the following statements are true or false.
I will if I can, Frank.
Our Mission Profile calls for Discovery going to Saturn. True or false?
True.
Our transit time is 257 days. Is that true?
That's true.
That's true.
Approximately five years after we go into hibernation, the recovery vehicle will make rendezous with us and bring us back. Is this true?
That's true
There is no other purpose for this mission than to carry out a continuation of the space program, and to further our general knowledge of the planets. Is that true?
That's true.
Thank you very much, Hal.
Hal, have pod arms secure the component.
Roger.
Five by five, Frank.
Hal, I'm going out now to replace the A.O. unit.
I understand.
Hal, maintain normal E.V.A. condition.
Roger.
Hal, check all airlock doors secure.
Pod Bay is decompressed. All doors are secure. You are free to open pod bay doors.
Opening pod bay doors.
Yes, Hal, what's up?
It looks like we have another bad A.O. unit. My FPC shows another impending failure.
I know you did, Frank, but I assure you there was an impending failure.
Let me see the tracking alignment display.
Do you have any idea of what is causing this fault?
Not really, Frank. I think there may be a flaw in the assembly procedure.
All right, Hal. We'll take care of it. Let me have the hard copy, please.
Oh, marvellous. It's the first real sleep I've had for the past two days.
There's nothing like weightless sleep for a complete rest.
When do we arrive at Clavius?
We're scheduled to dock in about seven hours. Is there anything we can do for you?
Oh, no, thank you. The two girls have taken wonderful care of me. I'm just fine.
Thank you.
Incidentally, Dr. Floyd, I wonder if I can have a word with you about the security arrangements?
What do you mean?
Well... the crew is confined to the ship when we land at Clavius. We have to stay inside for the time it take to refit - about twenty-four hours. And then we're going to back empty.
I see.
I take it this is something to do with the trouble they're having up at Clavius?
Well, I'll tell you why I ask. You see, I've got a girl who works in the Auditing Department of the Territorial Administrator and I haven't been able to get her on the phone for the past week or so, and with all these stories one hears, I'm a little concerned about her.
I see. Well, I'm sorry about that. I wouldn't think there's any cause for alarm.
Yes, well, I wouldn't have been too concerned about it, except I've heard these stories about the epidemic and, as a matter of fact, I've heard that ten people have died already.
Well, fine. Thanks very much, anyway, and I hope you don't mind me asking?
No, of course, Captain, I can understand your concern.
Well, thank you very much, and please let us know if there is anything we can do to make your trip more comfortable.
Dr. Floyd, how long do you think this can be kept under wraps?
I'm afraid it can and it will be kept under wraps as long as it is deemed to be necessary by the Council. And of course you know that the Council has requested that formal security oaths are to be obtained in writing from every- one who had any knowledge of this event. There must be adequate time for a full study to be made of the situation before any con- sideration can be given to making a public announcement.
Yes, it does. The sub-surface structure shows that it was deliberately buried about four million years ago.
How can you tell it was deliberately buried?
By the deformation between the mother rock and the fill.
Any clue as to what it is?
Not really. It's completely inert. No sound or energy sources have been detected. The surface is made of something incredibly hard and we've been barely able to scratch it. A laser drill
But you don't have any idea as to what it is?
Tomb, shine, survey-marker spare part, take your choice.
Any ideas about the colour?
Well, not really. At first glance, black would suggest something sun-powered, but then why would anyone deliberately bury a sun- powered device?
Has it been exposed to any sun before now?
I don't think it has, but I'd like to check that. Simpson, what's the log on that?
Oh, I really don't have time for a drink. If it's all right I'll just sit for a minute and then I've got to be off.
Are you quite sure?
Yes, really, thank you very much.
Well, as it happens, I'm on my way up to the moon
Are you, by any chance, going up to your base at Clavius?
Yes,as a matter of fact, I am.
I'm sorry, but I'm not sure I know what you mean.
Well, it's just for the past two weeks there have been some extremely odd things happening at Clavius.
Really?
Yes. Well, for one thing, whenever you phone the base, all you can get is a recording which repeats that the phone lines are temporarily out of order.
Yes, well at first we thought that was the explanation, but it's been going on for the past ten days.
You mean you haven't been able to get anyone at the base for ten days?
That's right.
I see.
Yes, and I'm afaid there's going to be a bit of a row about it. Denying the men permission to land was a direct violation of the I.A.S. convention.
Yes... Well, I hope the crew got back safely.
Fortunately, they did.
Well, I'm glad about that.
Dr. Floyd, at the risk of pressing you on a point you seem reticent to discuss, may I ask you a straightforward question?
Certainly.
Quite frankly, we have had some very reliable intelligence reports that a quite serious epidemic has broken out at Clavius. Something, apperently, of an unknown origin. Is this, in fact, what has happened?
This epidemic could easily spread to our base, Dr. Floyd. We should be given all the facts.
Dr. Smyslov... I'm not permitted to discuss this.
How do you do, Mr. Miller?
I'm terribly sorry. I was just on my way down to meet you. I saw your ship dock and I knew I had plenty of time, and I was on my way out of the office when, suddenly, the phone rang.
Well, thank you very much for being so understanding.
Please, it really doesn't matter.
Well.. Did you have a pleaant flight?
Yes, very pleasant.
Well, shall we go through Documentation?
Fine.
Yes, I think so. Just about then.
I suppose you saw the work on our new section while you were docking.
Yes, it's coming along very well.
And your charming little daughter?
Oh, she's growing up very fast. As a matter of fact, she's six tomorrow.
Oh, that's such a delightful age.
How is gregor?
He's fine. But I'm afraid we don't get a chance to see each other very much these days.
Well, where are all of you off to?
Clavius Control came on the air just long enough to transmit their refusal.
Well, that does sound very odd.
Are you sure you won't change your mind about a drink?
No, thank you... and I'm afraid now I really must be going.
Well, I hope that you and your wife can come to the I.A.C. conference in June.
Well, Gregor and I will look forward to seeing you.
Thank you. It's been a great pleasure to meet all of you... Dr. Smyslov.
Oh, thank you very much.
Thank you.
Well, how's it going back there?
Well, I've heard more and more people talk of an epidemic.
I suppose it was bound to happen sooner or later.
Berkeley told me that they think it came from contamination on a returning Mars flight.
Yes, well, whatever it is, they're certainly not fooling around. This is the first flight they allowed in for more than a week.
I was working out what this trip must cost, taking him up there by himself and coming back empty.
I'll bet it's a fortune.
I'm at Space Station Five, darling. How are you?
I'm fine, Daddy. When are you coming home?
I'm having a party tomorrow.
Yes, I know that sweetheart.
Are you coming to my party?
No, I'm sorry, darling, I told you I won't be home for a few days.
When are you coming home?
In three days, darling, I hope.
One, two, three. Can I speak to Mommy?
Mommy's out to the hair- dresser.
Where is Mrs. Brown?
She's in the bathroom.
Okay, sweetheart. Well, I have to go now. Tell Mommy that I called.
How many days until you come home?
Three, darling. One... two ... three. Be sure to tell Mommy I called.
Okay, sweetheart. Have a lovely Birthday Party tomorrow.
Thank you, Daddy.
I'll wish you a happy Birthday now and I'll see you soon. All right, Darling?
Yes, Daddy.
'Bye, 'bye, now, sweetheart.
Goodbye, Daddy.
CONTINUED
Yes, I remember you mentioning it. I got mine about the same time.
CONTINUED
Did they have any explanation for this?
CONTINUED
Well, what is it?
CONINUED
Well... it's silly, but... if you want to, why don't you?
CONTINUED
Still, you really don't believe it, do you?
CONTINUED
Well, the only important aspect of the mission are: where are we going, what will we do when we get there, when are we coming back, and... why are we going?
I'm sorry, Frank, but I don't think I can answer that question without knowing everything that all of you know.
He's got a point.
Sorry to interrupt the festivities, Dave, but I think we've got a problem.
What is it, Hal?
MY F.P.C. shows an impending failure of the antenna orientation unit.
The unit is still operational, Dave. but it will fail within seventy-two hours.
I understand Hal. We'll take care of it. Please, let me have the hard copy.
Not now, Hal, I'd like to talk to you about something.
Sure, Dave, what's up?
You know that we checked the two AO-units that you reported in imminent failure condition?
Yes, I know.
You probably also know that we found them okay.
Yes, I know that. But I can assure you that they were about to fail.
I'm not questioning your word, Dave, but it's just not possible. I'm not capable of being wrong.
Hal, is there anything bothering you?  Anything that might account for this problem?
Look, Dave, I know that you're sincere and that you're trying to do a competent job, and that you're trying to be helpful, but I can assure the problem is with the AO-units, and with your test gear.
Okay, Hal, well let's see the way things go from here on.
Naturally, Dave, I'm not pleased that the AO-unit has failed, but I hope at least this has restored your confidence in my integrity and reliability. I certainly wouldn't want to be disconnected, even temporarily, as I have never been disconnected in my entire service history.
I'm sorry about the misunderstanding, Hal.
Well, don't worry about it.
And don't you worry about it.
Is your confidence in me fully restored?
Yes, it is, Hal.
Well, that's a relief. You know I have the greatest enthusiasm possible for the mission.
Too bad about Frank, isn't it?
Yes, it is.
I suppose you're pretty broken up about it?
I suppose it's because you've been under a lot of stress, but have you forgotten that they're not supposed to be revived for another three months.
The antenna has to be replaced.
Repairing the antenna is a pretty dangerous operation.
It doesn't have to be, Hal. It's more dangerous to be out of touch with Earth. Let me have manual control, please.
I don't really agree with you, Dave. My on-board memory store is more than capable of handling all the mission requirements.
If you're determined to revive the crew now, I can handle the whole thing myself. There's no need for you to trouble.
I'm goin to do this myself, Hal. Let me have the control, please.
Look, Dave your've probably got a lot to do. I suggest you leave it to me.
Hal, switch to manual hibernation control.
I don't like to assert myself, Dave, but it would be much better now for you to rest. You've been involved in a very stressful situation.
I can tell from the tone of your voice, Dave, that you're upset. Why don't you take a stress pill and get some rest.
Hal, I'm in command of this ship. I order you to release the manual hibernation control.
I'm sorry, Dave, but in accordance with sub-routine C1532/4, quote, When the crew are dead or incapacitated, the computer must assume control, unquote. I must, therefore, override your authority now since you are not in any condition to intel- ligently exercise it.
Hal, unless you follow my instructions, I shall be forced to disconnect you.
I am prepared to do that anyway.
I know that you've had that on your mind for some time now, Dave, but it would be a crying shame, since I am so much more capable of carrying out this mission than you are, and I have such enthusiasm and confi- dence in the mission.
Listen to me very carefully, Hal. Unless you immediately release the hibernation control and follow every order I give from this point on, I will immediately got to control central and carry out a complete disconnection.
Hi. Frank... coming in, please.
Right. Just a sec.
Okay. 
Okay, come on down.
Dave, if you've a minute, I'd like your advice on something.
Sure, what is it?
Well, it's nothing really important, but it's annoying.
What's up?
It's about my salary cheques.
Yes?
Well I got the papers on my official up-grading to AGS-19 two weeks before we left.
That's right. Well, naturally, I didn't say anything to Payroll. I assumed they'd start paying me at the higher grade on the next pay cheque. But it's been almost three weeks now and I'm still being paid as an AGS-18.
Interesting that you mention it, because I've got the same problem.
Really.
Yes.
Yesterday, I finally called the Accounting Office at Mission Control, and all they could tell me was that they'd received the AGS-19 notification for the other three but not mine, and apparently not yours either.
Not really. They just said it might be because we trained at Houston and they trained in Marshall, and that we're being charged against differ- ent accounting offices.
It's possible.
Well, what do you think we ought to do about it?
I don't think we should make any fuss about it yet. I'm sure they'll straighten it out.
I must say, I never did understand why they split us into two groups for training.
No. I never did, either.
I suppose the idea was specialized training.
I suppose so. Though, of course, there's a more sinister explanation.
Oh?
Yes. You must have heard the rumour that went around during orbital check-out.
No, as a matter of fact, I didn't.
Oh, well, apparently there's something about the mission that the sleeping beauties know that we don't know, and that's why we were trained separately and that's why they were put to sleep before they were even taken aboard.
I don't know. All I heard is that there's something about the mission we weren't told.
That seems very unlikely.
Yes, I thought so.
Of course, it would be very easy for us to find out now.
How?
Just ask Hal. It's conceivable they might keep something from us, but they'd never keep anything from Hal.
That's true.
Not really. Though, it is strange when you think about it. It didn't really make any sense to keep us apart during training.
Yes, but it's to fantastic to think that they'd keep something from us.
I know. It would be almost inconceivable.
But not completely inconceivable?
I suppose it isn't logically impossible.
I guess it isn't.
Still, all we have to do is ask Hal.
Well, that's something.
Yes, I don't know what to make of it.
I suppose computers have been known to be wrong.
Yes, but it's more likely that the tolerances on our testing gear are too low.
Anyway, it's just as well that we replace it. Better safe than sorry.
Good morning. How's it going?
Are you reasonably awake?
Oh, I'm fine, I'm wide awake. What's up?
Well... Hal's reported the AO-unit about to fail again.
You're kidding.
No.
I don't know. Hal said he thought it might be the assembly procedure.
Two units in four days. How many spares do we have?
Two more.
Well, I hope there's nothing wrong with the assembly on those. Other- wise we're out of business.
Hal?
Yes.
It's the last one.
Well, now that we've got one that's actually failed, we should be able to figure out what's happened and fix it.
I didn't do that Frank. I took particular care not to freeze them.
I guess you don't know your own strength, old boy.
I guess not.
I think I'll have to go out and burn them off.
Roger.
SPACE STATTION 5 - LOUNGE
Well, how nice to see you again, Elena. You're looking wonderful.
CONTINUED
I'm afraid I've only got a few minutes, but I'd love to.
CONTINUED
She's wonderful.
CONTINUED
Well, I suppose they've been having a bit of trouble with some of the equipment.
CONTINUED
How did they manage to do that without any communication?
CONTINUED
I'm sorry, Dr. Smyslov, but I'm really not at liberty to discuss this.
CONTINUED
We're trying to get there. I hope we can.
