How will you fight Apollo Creed?


Creed's great, ain't he... I'll do what I can.


We can cut that out later. Apollo Creed says he'll let you stay three rounds before he puts you away.


Yeah -- See the fight last night? Apollo Creed beat that English guy bad.


Creed's great.


Hey, Rock -- What happened?


Bout what?


Ya sappin' his strength -- He's losin' steam.


He ain't losin' nothin'.


No more, ya wanna lose an eye? No more.


I don't care what nobody says, this bum Creed woulda never made it in the Thirties --


Hey, how ya feelin', Mickey?


...What?


Do you see me talkin'? Huh?


Yeah.


Then stand there an' wait till I'm done -- Creed's good, yeah, he's real fine but I gotta boy, y'know Big Dipper, who's got the stuff it takes to be a champ -- He's mean, quick, an' big -- What more d'ya need? Okay, go to work...  Hey -- Yeah -- Whatta ya want?


I was talkin' with ya man, Mike. -- Hey, how come I been put outta my locker?


Dipper needed it.


Dipper's a climber -- You're a tomato.


...Tomato?


Rocky, would you be interested in fighting Apollo Creed for the Championship?


Sure, an' I'm smart enough to know that no sparrin' partner should take cheap shots at the Champ. He's just there to help condition the man.


Not spar, I'm asking whether you would be interested in fighting Creed for the championship.


He only had a hundred an' thirty. -- I think he's good for the rest next week, Mr. Gazzo.


Sure, Rocky, Bob's good for it...


Tomorrow collect from Del Rio -- He's late three weeks. How'd you do last night?


...Fine.


Yo Rock. Did I give you a job this mornin? How come ya didn't break this guy's thumb like I asked ya? When ya don't do what ya are told, it makes me look bad, kid.


Very high an' very fast.


Apollo, how would you rate this last British challenger, Henry Wilcoxson?


He was big, an' very nasty so I destroyed him in a hurry -- Now I'm gettin' ready for Mac Lee Green next month.

You're referring to the much publicized bicentennial fight?


That's right -- It's gonna be the greatest sportin' event in this country's history -- A gala occurrence!


Still to be held in Philadelphia?


The Bicentennial Heavyweight Championship of the World is gonna be held in the only place it can be held -- Philadelphia! -- the nation's cradle -- January First -- the first major event of our two hundredth year.


Where're you off to now?


Me an' my wife are goin' home 'cause we miss our children an' can't go no more time without seein' them.

Any quick advice for young boxing hopefuls?


...Stay in school an' use your brains, dig -- Be a lawyer, be a doctor, carry a leather briefcase an' forget about sports!! Sports can only make ya grunt an' smell -- Be a thinker not a stinker!!


Damn.


I suppose we could cancel the fight indefinitely if you are set on fighting Green.


You best find me another ranked contender an' I mean in a flash, man!


I contacted Ernie Roman's manager, he's fighting in France the same week.


Then gimme Buddy Shaw -- He's ranked fifth.


Shaw's fighting in South America -- Why not postpone the bout until July Fourth?


Shape, nothin' -- They're afraid. They know everybody in the world's gonna see this fight an' none of them gotta prayer of beating me so they're makin' excuses so they don't have to be the chump that's gonna be whipped in front of the whole civilized world!!


Apollo, I'm sure there's a way to salvage this.


Now here's what's goin' down. Listen, 'cause I'm gonna say this but one time. On January first, the first day of the Bicentennial I'm gonna fight me a local poor underdog, dig? A snow-white underdog. An' I'm gonna put his face on this poster with me, hear? An' I'll tell you why, 'cause I'm sentimental -- An' all the people in the country all sentimental, man, an' they'd like nothin' better than me, Apollo Creed, to let some unknown get a shot at the greatest title in the world on this country's biggest birthday. Now that's the way I see it an' that's the way I want it!!


No, man, it's very smart.


How 'bout this Billy Snow?


Fouls.


How 'bout this Big Chuck Smith?


...Still don't feel no heat.


Exactly what are you looking for, Apollo?


...This man.


'The Italian Stallion' -- He's my man.
Rocky Balboa -- His record's poor --


Don't matter -- That name. 'The Italian Stallion,' it's right on.  Who discovered America? An Italian, right? So, man, what could be better than to get it on with one of his ancestors --


I do -- Maybe what this fight needs is something new -- a novelty.


You's the novelty, Champ!


Give my main man a raise!!


Too old, dull fighter.  Bobby Judge is a good boy.


...I don't feel heat from the name.


He won't last one round.


Listen, I gonna carry this boy three rounds, then drop 'im like a bad habit.


I don't like you messin' with southpaws -- They do everything wrong.


Southpaw, nuthin' -- I'll drop 'im in three -- 'Apollo Creed meets the Italian Stallion.' Shhiii -- Sounds like a damn monster movie!!


...That boy damn near broke my arm.


Sure -- He can hit -- Don't play no more -- Stick an' move, hear?


I'll carry him 'till the third.


Don't play with this man, he's fightin' hard -- Let 'em feel some real heat!


Man, I rearranged his face with that right -- The people love what's happenin' tonight.


People nothin', you in a fight, my man, -- ya best believe what you hear... Knock that boy out soon an' let's go home.


...That man's takin' his job too serious.


He's movin' to your left -- don't let him no more -- dance and stick, hear? Don't play -- I know what ya feelin', but don't play.


He got lucky.


Luck! You fightin' a crazy man -- but you got him hurt bad.  More ice, now!


My side.


Get that doctor.


No doctor!


You're hurtin', man!


No doctor!... I'm feelin' good, bro!


Yo' bleedin' inside, man -- Get that doctor.


One more round.


Don't kill yourself, man -- Let the doctor stop the fight.


...Stop jivin'!


Cover the ribs -- Look here, elbow down, tight -- Tight -- stand straight -- you're the best, you're the best!


...Thanks.


...Paulie, why didn't you tell me you were bringing him home?! Look at me, I'm not ready for this.