Ask me another one--
Spooky.
Spear.
Hello, Spooky.
I don't want to hurt you, Catwoman. Yet.  After tomorrow, you can do anything you want, but please, just stay out of sight for the next 24 hours. I won't stand by and watch my leader get all emotional over an animal like you. I warn you, don't tempt Captain God when he is angry. Let is complete our mission in peace.
Whatever you say...Sis.
Can't you understand--I got tired of being a woman. I wanted the respect that only a cape, boots, chestplate, and a mechanical spear can bring..
You're not strong. You're scared..scared that someone like me will see right through you. Whatever the Cult of Good was, it's not anymore... You don't have to listen to me, just listen to you..
You're not strong. You're scared..scared that someone like me will see right through you. Whatever the Cult of Good was, it's not anymore... You don't have to listen to me, just listen to you..
I heard what you said, Spooky. I can't believe he shot you...
Men, huh?
For when the time comes..
For when the..Uh, yeah, thanks, a little gold piece of...gold. Uh...
And I...I..want you to know our secrets..
Oh no, not a computer disc. A computer disc?  Oh man, come on, what do I look like?  I'm not a crime- fighter, I'm not a detective, what, I'm supposed to find some "clues" on this disc. I can't...
The Mission is happening tonight..It's up to you to...to save the City...
"Save the City?" I don't want to save the city, I want to move!  Listen, I'm sure the computer disc is pretty fascinating and I can't thank you enough for the little weird gold thingie, but..
You know, my name's not Spooky. It's, it's Rachel.
Hello, Rachel. I'm Selina.
You're not a super-hero. You're not even a hero. You're a scary, sick, fake who made a big mistake. You killed someone very special to me..
And...your point?
Hasn't anyone ever taught you that fighting violence with violence solves nothing.
It's a lot more fun than fighting violence with pamphlets. That voicebox of yours is a hoot. Say "I'm wearing no underwear"--it'll be funny..  You do know you're evil, don't you?
A superhero's job is to protect society.  Don't blame me if society is a horrible, corrupt joke.
"A superhero's job is to protect.." Sorry, I can't take you seriously...I overheard you say that tomorrow the Cult of Good will be dead--I should be so lucky--what did that mean?
My, those little ears pick up a lot. The Cult of Good will die heroically preventing a world-class heist. Since we will be the ones performing the heist, our deaths will obviously be fake. But have no fear. There will be many other deaths tomorrow...and those will be quite real. I'm afraid these questions of yours put you in a position not unlike a long-tailed tabby in room full of rocking chairs.
Oh please, sir, one more. Are you the reporter or the architect?
Yes. I am the reporter or the architect.  You've been through so much..It looks like you've used up all nine of your lives...
I still have one left...
You think so?...Selina?
You've seen me...
How can you say things with such feeling and then turn around and put on a helmet and...Who are you?  Were you sitting on my right or my left at the card table?  Tell me!  Please tell me who you are; you own me that!
I know, I should probably tell you, but I just don't feel like it. To be honest, I'm really angry at you. I admired you so much more when you were purely wicked. I mean, look at you now, running around trying to "get to the bottom" of things. Trying to "save the city." It's true we're about to do a very nasty deed, but really, what's it to you?  Since when do you care what happens to a bunch of pathetic Oasiburgians? You're just not yourself, anymore.
I'm supposed to be taking personality tips from you three?  You people were once heroes. You had ideals.  You fought for things.  Spooky told me so...
Do you have any idea how much superheroes get paid?  Zilcho. Urban vigilantes with secret identities operating outside the law. Not exactly the stuff of a W-2 form.  If it wasn't for merchandising and corruption and these diabolical "missions"...There is no such thing as heroes and villains, anymore, Selina.  There are only winners and losers. You lost. We won.
Ah, the good guys always triumph in the end. It's what allows our children to sleep at night.
You can't get away with..
I thought cats were supposed to have nine lives, not thirty one!  What do you think you're doing?
Winning.
What do you want from me?
At this point, a nap. Oh by the way, I killed your butler and your dog..
My dog!
Oh Honey, it's so much better when we do it without the helmet.
I've been thinking. I've been thinking about us. I'm sorry I've been so hard no you these past couple days. I realize now it's because you're the only woman who ever understood me and I couldn't handle it!  I've never revealed myself to anyone the way I have to you. Let's blow this town together.  We'll run a bed-and-breakfast in Vermont by day, and by night, we'll dress up and kill anything that...
Pass!
You were right all along--the two parts to a person are the reality and the lie.  I was making good money as a top architect--but that's not who I am. I'm not an architect, I'm a..
I know, I know, a Warrior. You're very annoying..Now tell me how to defuse the bomb you've set..Will you please stop fighting?  Just let those people die so we can get on with our new lives together!  Trust me, one day we'll look back on this day and laugh. You got to admit, it's a lot more fun to be the villain.
You might be right, but Fun is overrated.  I need something real.
Well then, let's agree to disagree...Now how about a picture for my scrapbook?
Don't you realize there's nothing you can do, anyway!  Nine minutes and it's all over!  The Fun Palace is a tomb. No one can get out. And choke on this furball: all doors and windows are blocked, locked, and electrified!  Even the glass around the bomb is rigged.
Even the skylight?
The "skylight?" Fool!  It's too high for anybody to climb out the damn skylight...
What about "climbing in?"
You've lost all motor functions. The poison will kill you in ten minutes.
I'll warm ya!  I got hot mitts --!
Down, Oswald.  We have to talk.  You see we've got something in common.
Appetite for destruction? Contempt for the czars of fashion? Wait don't tell me ... Naked sexual charisma?
Batman.  The thorn in both our sides, the fly in our ointment.
Huh?  You're implying I'm some kinda psycho criminal?
Are you perchance a registered voter?  I'm also a mayoral prospect.
I have but one pet cause, today: Ban The Bat.
Oh, him again.  He's already history -- check it out.
We're gonna disassemble his spiffy old Batmobile, then reassemble it as an H-bomb on wheels.  Capiche? Yesterday's victor is tomorrow's vapor.
He'd have more power as a martyr. No, to destroy Batman we must first turn him into what he hates most.  Meaning, us.
Y'mean frame him?
You're quick.  Mayor Cobblepot.
Thanks.  Jeez.  Not used to this man-woman, cat-mouse business. Generally the babes flock to me, I tell 'em take a number.
You're off the hook, Ozzie.  But Batman is decidedly
He napalmed my arm.  He knocked me off a building just when I was starting to feel good about myself. I want to play an integral part in his degradation.
Well, a plan is forming ... A vicious one, involving the loss of innocent life ...
I want in.  The thought of busting Batman makes me feel all ... dirty.  Maybe I'll give myself a bath right here ...
Let's consummate our fiendish union!
I wouldn't touch you to scratch you.
I oughta have you spayed!  You sent out all the signals!
Did I?  Only 'cause my mom trained me to, with a man... any man, all men --  Corn dog!
Me, domesticated?  By you?  I doubt it!  You repulsive... awful… penguin
The name is Oswald Cobblepot.
I don't know what you want, but I know I can get it for you with a minimum of fuss.  Money, jewels, a very big ball of string...
Your blood, Max.
My blood?  I ... I gave at the office.
A half-pint.  I'm talking gallons.
Let's make a deal.  Other than my blood, what can I off--
Sorry, Max.  A die for a die.
Either you've caught a cold, or you're planning to kill me.
Selina!  Selina Kyle!?  You're fired!  And Bruce -- Bruce Wayne! Why are you dressed up as Batman?
He is Batman, you moron.
Was.
You killed me, Batman killed me, Penguin killed me.  Three lives down.  Got enough bullets to finish me off?
Where's the fire?
How could you?  I'm a woman...
I'm -- sorry, I --
As I was saying:  I'm a woman, and can't be taken for granted.  Are you listening, you Batman you?
Hanging on every word.
Good joke.  Wanna hear another one?
A "he-man"?  Sure.  They shine that beacon in the sky, then wonder what hole I crawl out of.
Wow, a real response and you're not even trying to get into my tights. But explain me ... If you're so down on "them" out there, why bust your bat-buns to protect 'em?
I just can't sleep at night. Exploding department stores keep me up.  One ...
I can't sleep either, lately.  A little link, between us.  But bottom line baby, you live to preserve the peace, and I'm dying to disturb it.  That could put a strain on our relationship.
...four, five.
Hey stud:  I thought we had something together.
We do.
A kiss under the misteltoe. Mistletoe can be deadly, if you eat it ...
But a kiss can be even deadlier, if you mean it.
You're the second man who killed me this week.  But hey, no prob ... I've got seven lives left.
I tried to grab you -- save you --
Seems like every woman you try to save ends up dead, or deeply resentful.
First you're gonna shut up.  Then you're gonna turn yourself in.
Don't be naive.  The law doesn't apply to people like him!  Or us --
Wrong on both counts.
