Herr Falkstein -- you must go at once and present Dr. Frankenstein with all the details of his inheritance.  The estate will provide for your journey.


I'll never understand your regard for them, Charles.


And I'll never understand terrorists.


I am trying to save our kind, Charles. You should do the same.


Not at the cost of lives, Max


The two in Alaska.  Just how do you people manage to be in the right place at the right time?  Still tinkering with Cerebro?


What do you want with him?


Is that so?


Still trying to make the world safe for our kind.  Still trying to find a way to introduce ourselves -- definitively.


You definition of definitive was always a bit extreme for me, Max. What is it like these days?


Let's just say that I am out to make some radical changes.  Now come on Charles.  For old times sake, for your sake...  Leave him to me.


If I could make you understand.  If you could just be made to see it the way I do.  The way it's going to be.


The way what is going to be?


I'm going to change the world with or without you as a witness, Charles.  And this one gets a front row seat.


What do you mean to do?


This checkmate goes to you.  I didn't want to hurt anyone.  But you leave me no choice.


WHAT DO YOU MEAN TO DO?


I wouldn't really have let you die, you know.  I just needed...


I know.


Doesn't it ever wake you in the middle of the night?  The feeling that some day, some day very soon, they will pass that foolish law - or one just like it - and they will come for you and your children?  Take you all away?


It does indeed, Max.


And what do you do when you wake up to that?


I feel a great swell of pity for the poor soul who comes to that school again looking for trouble.

I lost him.


How?


It was Xavier's people.  They knew.


Is that what you're looking for?


A piece.  Only a piece.


Is it enough?


Enough for a test.


I'll find him.


ALIVE.


Why is everybody up at sunrise?


What?... miss me?  Charley, I'm gonna walk out the front door and trust me, it won't be soon enough for everyone here.


I do love a good check mate.


What do you want?


Come with me and I'll let her live.


You think I care about her?  I'm the only one who's sure to walk out of here.


Where am I?


You're backstage at the encore of creation.


What are you going to do?


In the road to survival, there is always sacrifice Logan.  We are the future... not them.  We must protect ourselves.  After tonight, when the leaders of the world return home -- They will return as brothers, as mutants... and our cause will be theirs.  This is survival, I know you understand that, Logan... or is it Wolverine?


You... wha... Who are you... Where is Henry?


Mr. Guyrich has been dead for some time Senator.


You mutant bastards…


Whatever you do to me... no matter what you'll make me right.  Every word I have spoken will be confirmed.


Gosh, I hope so.


The intention of registration act -


INTENTION?  Intention, Senator?  We are talking about mankind here.  His fear.  It is only a matter of time before mutants will be herded into camps.  Studied for weaknesses.  And eventually wiped off the face of the Earth.


What is it you intend to do to me?


Let's just say, God works too slowly.